Move Snap from OSS projects to Companies. (#294)
bazelbuild/bazel-website: users.md

Ritual is a mobile pick up app, connecting restaurants with customers to offer a simple, time-saving tool to get the food and beverages they want, without the wait. Ritual uses Bazel for their backend services.

### [Snap](https://www.snap.com/en-US/)

> Snap, the developper of Snapchat messaging app, has migrated from Buck to Bazel in 2020 ([source](https://twitter.com/wew/status/1326957862816509953)). Check out their [engineering blog](https://eng.snap.com/blog/) for more about their process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snap, the developer of Snapchat messaging app, has migrated from Buck to Bazel in 2020. Check out their [engineering blog](https://eng.snap.com/blog/) for more about their process.
```

### [Snap](https://www.snap.com/en-US/)

> Snap, the developper of Snapchat messaging app, has migrated from Buck to Bazel in 2020 ([source](https://twitter.com/wew/status/1326957862816509953)). Check out their [engineering blog](https://eng.snap.com/blog/) for more about their process.

Reviewer 2: Editorial feedback. Ending statements with the link is easier for users. Rephrase to "For more details about their process, see their [engineering blog](https://eng.snap.com/blog/).

Author: Done
